As we mentioned in the previous module,
this is actually the area where you would implement parallel processing.
And if you notice right now, our the unit tests are
being fired off on one thread.
If we wanted to create multiple threads,
we would, in turn, fire these off asynchronously
rather than in a synchronous fashion.
So the way that we have this written right now is in
asynchronous fashion in that each test will set up and
fire off and run one after another.
This is where you'd go through and create a thread pool, and you can
use any thread pooling tool you want out there.
C3P0 is actually a great one that you can go through and
attach these to that and fire them off.
Another option, and it is way outside the scope of this course,
is to use something like Jenkins and set up each individual test
to be fired off by a Jenkins call.
But you can see how our tests here are starting to build inside of this
unit test, and that is where we are doing this in a synchronous fashion,
and we would call these asynchronously at this specific class to fire them off in a multi‑threaded fashion.